---
title: CASA LIVING, March, 2015.
slug: "1"
images:
  - 2.casa1603n-1110.jpg
  - 1.casa1603_0095.jpg
  - 3.casa1603_0114.jpg
  - casa1603_0013.jpg
  - casa1603_0018.jpg
  - casa1603n-1020.jpg
  - casa1603n-1065.jpg
  - casa1603n-1089.jpg
---

### Weaving Wind and Light

* Editor: Ji Eun Hong
* Photography: Lee Jongkeun
* Director: Chang Eungbok(Mono Collection)

&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;

#### PEACH BLOSSOM DREAM

The ‘Dowonmong', which was featured in the Joseon period artist Ahn Gyeon’s' famous painting  Mongyoudowondo'(1447),  or ‘Peach Blossom Paradise,’ evokes a   place lying on a shifting  boundary between reality and a dreamy unreality. Inspired by  the scholar-artist styles of the Joseon dynasty and our folk arts, Peach Blossom Dream consists of colorful and diverse materials. Bold colors, sensual textures, and delightful patterns bring a more positive energy to everyday life. The dreamy imagery captures in a modern style the landscape of the peach blossom I saw in my dreams.

#### MOUNTAIN-WATER

Mountain - Water evokes the Yin - Yang thought of Oriental philosophy, and the landscapes of Oriental painting from a unique perspective. The rugged mountainside, the meandering stream, and the ever-changing clouds are magnificent and inspiring. The special balance that reproduces the innate character of nature is not just ancient wisdom, but a simple  and graceful spirit that penetrates yesterday and today.

#### DAAM

Daam evokes the forms and colors of water flowing naturally. Light emerges from the monochromatic image, and produces a delicate image that expresses  the fluidity of nature. Daam is not merely simple overlapping of forms, but reveals colors and patterns within empty space, and produces a deep and clear aesthetic. In addition to the profound  textures of the rich, refined, rough, and soft earth, it also resembles the  living and breathing self.
